And does it matter?
Important nothing is more important than this
Su Lingyan, I have loved you for three years
I kept you for three years
I protected you for three years
In the past three years, I have averted all disasters for you.
But you never regret it
Until that night
About the other night
You remember it so clearly
even
Do not hesitate to have a man who has loved you for 3 years
Just for the four words of the dragon master of the building
Right? You saved my life three years ago
I have sacrificed everything for you in the past three years
But I really don't want to hold on to this anymore
It's just me.
Like that ring that I throw away and pick up
But if you lose Mr. Su, you lose it.
Daughter
What's the matter with you, Xiao Chen, he's gone and can't come back.
I ruined it all
My good daughter.
He's gone let him go
You are in such good condition
You will definitely find someone who loves you more
Where is the end of the world without herbs, I regret it so much
I really regret my good daughter
You still have the Su family
As long as you have the Su family, you have everything
What kind of hero is Xiao Chen?
Dragon clan, but your conditions are not bad
Run the Su family well
One day in the future
He will definitely come back begging you
I still have the Su family
Or Su Linyan
You can definitely rely on your own ability.
Bring the Su family to glory
Blocking the door to the dragon
Is Shanshan okay?
Mr. Su is not good
Something happened to Baiyi Order